#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
adal==1.2.7
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   msrestazure
applicationinsights==0.11.10
    # via azureml-telemetry
arrow==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-common==1.1.27
    # via
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azureml-core
azure-core==1.19.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-mgmt-core
azure-graphrbac==0.61.1
    # via azureml-core
azure-identity==1.4.1
    # via azureml-dataprep
azure-mgmt-authorization==0.61.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==8.1.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-core==1.3.0
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
azure-mgmt-keyvault==9.1.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-resource==13.0.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-storage==11.2.0
    # via azureml-core
azureml-automl-core==1.34.1
    # via azureml-train-automl-client
azureml-core==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azureml-opendatasets
    #   azureml-pipeline-core
    #   azureml-sdk
    #   azureml-telemetry
    #   azureml-train-automl-client
    #   azureml-train-core
azureml-dataprep==2.22.2
    # via azureml-dataset-runtime
azureml-dataprep-native==38.0.0
    # via azureml-dataprep
azureml-dataprep-rslex==1.20.2
    # via azureml-dataprep
azureml-dataset-runtime[fuse,pandas]==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azureml-automl-core
    #   azureml-opendatasets
    #   azureml-sdk
    #   azureml-train-automl-client
azureml-opendatasets==1.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azureml-pipeline==1.34.0
    # via azureml-sdk
azureml-pipeline-core==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azureml-pipeline
    #   azureml-pipeline-steps
azureml-pipeline-steps==1.34.0
    # via azureml-pipeline
azureml-sdk==1.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azureml-telemetry==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azureml-automl-core
    #   azureml-opendatasets
    #   azureml-train-automl-client
    #   azureml-train-core
azureml-train-automl-client==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azureml-pipeline-steps
    #   azureml-sdk
azureml-train-core==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azureml-pipeline-steps
    #   azureml-sdk
azureml-train-restclients-hyperdrive==1.34.0
    # via azureml-train-core
backports.tempfile==1.0
    # via azureml-core
backports.weakref==1.0.post1
    # via backports.tempfile
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via requests
cloudpickle==1.6.0
    # via azureml-dataprep
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via azureml-core
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-identity
    #   azureml-core
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   secretstorage
distro==1.6.0
    # via dotnetcore2
docker==5.0.2
    # via azureml-core
docopt==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dotnetcore2==2.1.21
    # via azureml-dataprep
faker==8.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fusepy==3.0.1
    # via azureml-dataset-runtime
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.2
    # via requests
isodate==0.6.0
    # via msrest
jeepney==0.7.1
    # via secretstorage
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via azureml-core
jsonpickle==2.0.0
    # via azureml-core
kaggle==1.5.12
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
msal==1.15.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==0.2.2
    # via azure-identity
msrest==0.6.21
    # via
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azureml-core
    #   azureml-train-restclients-hyperdrive
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4
    # via
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azureml-core
    #   azureml-train-restclients-hyperdrive
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via azureml-core
numpy==1.21.2
    # via
    #   azureml-dataset-runtime
    #   azureml-opendatasets
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scipy
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
pandas==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-dataset-runtime
    #   azureml-opendatasets
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via azureml-core
portalocker==1.7.1
    # via msal-extensions
py4j==0.10.9
    # via pyspark
pyarrow==3.0.0
    # via
    #   azureml-dataset-runtime
    #   azureml-opendatasets
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via ndg-httpsclient
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.1.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azureml-core
    #   msal
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pyspark==3.1.2
    # via azureml-opendatasets
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   adal
    #   arrow
    #   azureml-core
    #   faker
    #   kaggle
    #   pandas
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via kaggle
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   pandas
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adal
    #   azure-core
    #   azureml-core
    #   azureml-train-restclients-hyperdrive
    #   docker
    #   kaggle
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via msrest
ruamel.yaml==0.17.4
    # via azureml-core
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel.yaml
scipy==1.7.1
    # via azureml-opendatasets
secretstorage==3.3.1
    # via azureml-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   isodate
    #   kaggle
    #   msrestazure
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.4.25
    # via -r requirements.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   faker
    #   python-slugify
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via kaggle
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via docker
